TAG CS Glossary (#395)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: website/content/about/glossary.md

---
title: Glossary
linkTitle: Glossary
---

# Introduction

> This glossary covers CNCF-specific terms often used on this page. As with everything else on [contribute.cncf.io](https://contribute.cncf.io/), this is a living document, and we encourage anyone seeing gaps to raise an issue or submit a PR. For technical definitions, please refer to the [Cloud Native Glossary](https://glossary.cncf.io/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This glossary covers CNCF-specific terms, including CNCF group acronyms or how projects are organized within our ecosystem (for technical definitions, please refer to the [Cloud Native Glossary](https://glossary.cncf.io/). As with everything else on [contribute.cncf.io](https://contribute.cncf.io/), this is a living document, and we encourage anyone seeing gaps to raise an issue or submit a PR. 
```
Sorry, didn't like my initial version.
